#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile
# To update, run:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
aniso8601==7.0.0
    # via graphene
asgiref==3.4.1
    # via django
astropy==4.2.1
    # via
    #   bilby
    #   gwpy
    #   pesummary
bilby-pipe==1.0.4
    # via -r requirements.in
bilby[gw]==1.1.2
    # via bilby-pipe
certifi==2021.5.30
    # via requests
cffi==1.14.5
    # via cryptography
chardet==4.0.0
    # via requests
click==8.0.1
    # via
    #   pip-tools
    #   pycondor
configargparse==1.5.1
    # via bilby-pipe
corner==2.2.1
    # via
    #   bilby
    #   bilby-pipe
    #   pesummary
coverage==4.5.4
    # via -r requirements.in
cryptography==3.3.1
    # via
    #   jwcrypto
    #   ligo-gracedb
    #   pyopenssl
cycler==0.10.0
    # via matplotlib
deepdish==0.3.6
    # via pesummary
deprecated==1.2.12
    # via jwcrypto
dill==0.3.4
    # via bilby
django-cors-headers==3.7.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-filter==2.4.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-graphql-jwt==0.3.1
    # via -r requirements.in
django-jenkins==0.110.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-querycount==0.7.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django==3.2.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-cors-headers
    #   django-filter
    #   django-graphql-jwt
    #   django-jenkins
    #   graphene-django
dqsegdb2==1.0.1
    # via gwpy
dynesty==1.1
    # via
    #   bilby
    #   bilby-pipe
emcee==3.1.0
    # via bilby
flake8==3.9.2
    # via -r requirements.in
future==0.18.2
    # via
    #   bilby-pipe
    #   ligo-gracedb
graphene-django==2.15.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-graphql-jwt
graphene-file-upload==1.3.0
    # via -r requirements.in
graphene==2.1.8
    # via graphene-django
graphql-core==2.3.2
    # via
    #   django-graphql-jwt
    #   graphene
    #   graphene-django
    #   graphql-relay
graphql-relay==2.0.1
    # via graphene
gwdatafind==1.0.4
    # via
    #   dqsegdb2
    #   gwpy
gwosc==0.5.8
    # via
    #   bilby-pipe
    #   gwpy
gwpy==2.0.4
    # via
    #   bilby
    #   bilby-pipe
    #   pesummary
h5py==3.3.0
    # via
    #   bilby
    #   gwpy
    #   pesummary
idna==2.10
    # via requests
jinja2==3.0.1
    # via bilby-pipe
jwcrypto==0.9.1
    # via python-jwt
kiwisolver==1.3.1
    # via matplotlib
lalsuite==6.82
    # via
    #   bilby
    #   pesummary
ligo-gracedb==2.7.6
    # via
    #   bilby-pipe
    #   pesummary
ligo-segments==1.3.0
    # via
    #   dqsegdb2
    #   gwdatafind
    #   gwpy
    #   lalsuite
    #   lscsoft-glue
    #   python-ligo-lw
ligotimegps==2.0.1
    # via gwpy
lscsoft-glue==2.0.0
    # via
    #   lalsuite
    #   python-ligo-lw
markupsafe==2.0.1
    # via jinja2
matplotlib==3.4.2
    # via
    #   bilby
    #   bilby-pipe
    #   corner
    #   gwpy
    #   lalsuite
    #   pesummary
    #   seaborn
mccabe==0.6.1
    # via flake8
mock==4.0.3
    # via bilby
numexpr==2.7.3
    # via tables
numpy==1.21.0
    # via
    #   astropy
    #   bilby
    #   bilby-pipe
    #   deepdish
    #   emcee
    #   gwpy
    #   h5py
    #   lalsuite
    #   lscsoft-glue
    #   matplotlib
    #   numexpr
    #   pandas
    #   patsy
    #   pesummary
    #   pyerfa
    #   python-ligo-lw
    #   scipy
    #   seaborn
    #   statsmodels
    #   tables
pandas==1.3.0
    # via
    #   bilby
    #   pesummary
    #   seaborn
    #   statsmodels
patsy==0.5.1
    # via statsmodels
pep517==0.10.0
    # via pip-tools
pep8==1.7.1
    # via -r requirements.in
pesummary==0.12.1
    # via bilby-pipe
pillow==8.3.1
    # via matplotlib
pip-tools==6.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
plotly==5.1.0
    # via pesummary
promise==2.3
    # via
    #   graphene-django
    #   graphql-core
    #   graphql-relay
pycodestyle==2.7.0
    # via flake8
pycondor==0.5.0
    # via bilby-pipe
pycparser==2.20
    # via cffi
pyerfa==2.0.0
    # via astropy
pyflakes==2.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flake8
pygments==2.9.0
    # via pesummary
pyjwt==1.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-graphql-jwt
pyopenssl==20.0.1
    # via
    #   gwdatafind
    #   lscsoft-glue
pyparsing==2.4.7
    # via matplotlib
python-dateutil==2.8.1
    # via
    #   gwpy
    #   lalsuite
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
    #   python-ligo-lw
python-jwt==3.3.0
    # via -r requirements.in
python-ligo-lw==1.7.1
    # via pesummary
pytz==2021.1
    # via
    #   django
    #   pandas
pyyaml==5.4.1
    # via python-ligo-lw
requests==2.25.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   gwosc
    #   ligo-gracedb
rx==1.6.1
    # via graphql-core
scipy==1.7.0
    # via
    #   bilby
    #   bilby-pipe
    #   deepdish
    #   gwpy
    #   lalsuite
    #   seaborn
    #   statsmodels
seaborn==0.11.1
    # via pesummary
singledispatch==3.6.2
    # via graphene-django
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   cryptography
    #   cycler
    #   graphene
    #   graphene-django
    #   graphene-file-upload
    #   graphql-core
    #   graphql-relay
    #   gwdatafind
    #   jwcrypto
    #   ligo-gracedb
    #   ligo-segments
    #   lscsoft-glue
    #   patsy
    #   plotly
    #   promise
    #   pyopenssl
    #   python-dateutil
    #   python-ligo-lw
    #   singledispatch
    #   tenacity
sqlparse==0.4.1
    # via django
statsmodels==0.12.2
    # via pesummary
tables==3.6.1
    # via
    #   deepdish
    #   pesummary
tenacity==7.0.0
    # via plotly
text-unidecode==1.3
    # via graphene-django
toml==0.10.2
    # via pep517
tqdm==4.54.1
    # via
    #   bilby
    #   bilby-pipe
    #   gwpy
    #   pesummary
    #   python-ligo-lw
urllib3==1.26.6
    # via requests
wheel==0.36.2
    # via pip-tools
wrapt==1.12.1
    # via deprecated

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# pip
# setuptools
